---
layout: post
title:  "numbers everyone can relate to"
date:   2017-05-02 
---

I watched someone do a computational party trick during a presentation recently. I could tell you about the trick, but it wasn't very interesting. The interesting part of this story is what the guy sitting next to me typed into his iPhone. 

I typed the exact same number into a calculator over 20 years earlier. So I was incredibly amused to glance over my shoulder at a family-friendly event and find a middle-aged man tapping several combinations of numbers, trying to remember how to make a calculator display the word "BOOBIES."

In case you were wondering, it's 8008135.



I don't remember exactly when, but it was distinctly familiar.



So I was amused to find the guy same guy who minutes earlier was so excited about the YouTube star he knew from TV giving a talk was now just as bored as I was, and trying to remember how to make a calculator look like it's displaying the word "BOOBIES."

In case you were wondering, that's 8008135.



While there, I attended a presentation by a YouTube star for math nerds. I didn't know anything about the speaker before the event started, but the guy next to me had seen him on TV. 


He polled the audience and I got the impression 90% of the audience knew him from YouTube, 9% from TV, and the other 1% (i.e. me) did not know him at all. The YouTube star asked the audience to participate in a computational party trick, so he asked us all to bust out our calculators. Most people naturally used their phones, but some people proudly held up their TI-83s, previously signed by the YouTube star.




He started with 8008. Then 80085. He typed a few more combinations of this with an extra number at the end 